UG: Add section on Quick View panel and other improvements (#248)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 2.7. Quick View Panel

The Quick View panel allows you to see general details of your guests at a glance. It is located on the left side of the window.

<img src="images/quick-view-panel.png" alt="WedLog's Quick View panel" height="500"> <br />

The Quick View panel consists of 2 sections: the RSVP Status panel and the Dietary Requirements panel.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 2.7.1. RSVP Status panel

> The RSVP Status panel is designed to help you keep track of the proportion of RSVP statuses of your guests. Representing the
> data is a pie chart, with labels containing the number of guests with each RSVP status. The pie chart is updated automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RSVP Status panel is designed to help you keep track of the proportion of RSVP statuses of your guests. The data
is represented using a pie chart, with labels indicating the number of guests with each RSVP status. The pie chart is updated automatically
```

whenever you add, delete or edit a guest.

<img src="images/rsvp-status-panel.png" alt="RSVP Status panel"> <br />

The pie chart slices are colour-coded as follows:
- `Yes`: Green
- `No`: Red
- `Unknown`: Orange

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 2.7.2. Dietary Requirements panel

The Dietary Requirements panel is designed to help you keep track of your guests' dietary requirements. Whenever you specify

> a guest to have certain dietary requirements, the specific requirements, will be added to the panel, together with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a guest to have certain dietary requirements, the requirements will be added to the panel alongside
```

> a guest to have certain dietary requirements, the specific requirements, will be added to the panel, together with
> a count of the number of guests with the same requirements. This panel consolidates your guests' dietary requirements to be displayed together, 
> for you to consider when planning the menu for your wedding. The panel is also updated automatically whenever you add, delete or edit a guest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a guest to have certain dietary requirements, the requirements will be added to the panel alongside
the total number of guests with the same requirements. 

By consolidating all your guests' dietary requirements in one display, this panel helps you easily
cater food for your wedding. The panel is also updated automatically whenever you add, delete or edit a guest.
```

<img src="images/dietary-requirements-panel.png" alt="Dietary Requirements panel"> <br />

Things to note:

> - **The panel only displays dietary requirements for guests with RSVP status "yes".** This is because guests with RSVP status "no" or "unknown" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The panel only displays dietary requirements for guests with RSVP status `Yes`.** This is because guests with RSVP status `No` or `unknown`
```

Reviewer: For standardization with earlier parts of the UG.
